losses are never expected even though
sure we might feel like we potentially
might have had a slow start before week
one no one comes in expecting to lose we
always come in expecting to win well day
one of week three of na LCS is complete
here with coverage presented by Omni
slash I'm joined right now by bjergsen
himself of Team solomid to talk about
their game against golden Guardians so
talk to me a little bit about that game
against golden Guardians because I just
told them you were going to uh how were
you guys able to beat them it just feels
like it felt like Mike Young just
stepped up a lot he was making a ton of
plays and they picked their range
support which it's not played that much
in in recent couple months they were
very easy to gank and we had the Brom
sejuani which is just such a strong gang
set up and we just heavily abuse that
and if I like Mike Young kept killing
bot lane he took control over all
contracts jungle and it's made the game
really easy to play do you think that
that's going to be if we're starting to
see a TSM correction right back to being
the top tier team that you guys have
historically been do you think that
it'll be come it'll come because of Mike
because Mike himself is being a little
bit critical of his own performances do
you think it's just sort of about him
getting in the groove so that you guys
can get to where you want to be well
it's not just the way Mike plays it's
the way we play around Mike and with
Mike and the way he plays with us so I
think integrating the Jona into our team
whether that would be Mike or any other
player is really important because the
jungle rule is just so important
wherever he goes it decides what play we
want to make on the map and who needs to
play safe and who needs to play
aggressive so I think a lot of our focus
as a team has been around Mike's
decisions how we should react to Mike's
decisions and like Mike told me he
hasn't played on a team where people
actually communicate and set up plays
and have smart strategies so this is a
first for him and he's learning
extremely fast much faster than other
players I've been with so you can
already tell a huge difference from week
one Mike week to Mike to week three and
it feels like anything especially that
mithi and I tell him it sticks and he
picks it up so fast one of the popular
memes and the TSM post match threads and
all that stuff was
come on guys it takes a while for Mike
to transition of the role of award you
know and this is the ongoing meme of
course does it frustrate you at all that
this is now that more and more it's
becoming the the meme of like all rights
Bjork sitting for words bjergsen needs
to make his jungler award like this kind
of idea that it just becomes all about
you at the end you might guess plenty
more tanks now that's that's sort of
that a nice change some nice to joining
today but I think you just people don't
see the full picture they they see the
matches they don't see what happens
backstage in the scrim room or sometimes
even we don't know what affects my
gentlemen or my previous teammates like
people like Santorin and Spencer and
I've spoken up about just the pressure
from the community and and maybe even
the team atmosphere of TSM is very
result and kind of pushing yourself
focused so that could just put so much
pressure that people don't play to their
fullest so I think it's different for
every single person and I'm putting a
lot of my time into making sure that
Mike can mike is kind of really nervous
before the games and and he was
especially nervous in the first couple
days and I'll just song loss boy and I'm
iffy we really try to bring him up and
tell him that he just needs to do his
best and he just needs to play the way
Mike young place and play his game yeah
yeah it's interesting that you bring up
the sort of the pressure that comes
because I didn't do this this interview
with Sven last week last week where he
was talking about like he does feel less
pressure now on cloud nine and he
doesn't blame Andy or anyone for that he
says it comes from the fans and also
maybe he's just kind of like the
internal climate because TSM is has has
this history of success is that
something that you think is a good thing
is it something that you are
identifiying and thinking about just
sort of the difference in climate on TSM
vs. other teams I think the environment
comes from definitely through the
pressure of the fans and I think the
pressure that I put on my teammates as
well because when we win as scrim I
don't just said that was a good game I
really scrutinize every single mistake
that we could do better and and that can
be a law for certain people which is why
I think I clicked better with people
like Mike doublelift
like saying even like mike young because
mike from watching his streams on p1 he
is so self-critical in between every
single solitary game even if he's tena
no he'll watch that one skirmish where
he's like oh I should use my skill shot
differently in that way I really saw
myself in that which is why I wanted
Mike on the team in the first place so I
think there's it's kind of a
double-edged sword where there has to be
some kind of urgency and I've had
rosters in the past season for season
five where there was no urgency to
improve and there was no pushing each
other and it leads to eventually you
just I was to call you you get stale in
in your improvement and people don't
recognize their issues as usually so I
feel like just under Kate you have to
create urgency in yourself and your
teammates and push each other but you
don't want it to come to the level where
it's affecting your your mentality maybe
you're you're having like you're
becoming like depressed or really sad
because there's so much pressure on you
every single day so I think we're
actively working on finding that sweet
spot and I think ever since doublelift
joined the team in 2016
he's done a really good job teaching me
and showing me that you can have an
environment where you can be really hard
and pushing each other in scrims and
then right after that meeting is over
and our argument is over or scrims is
over you can be joking and being friends
and laughing I think that's something
Peter was good at and taught me that I
use not with my team I don't want to
take up too much of your time but one
thing that is interesting to me is that
you can look at both TSM angle and
Guardians you guys just played each
other you guys are top tier team with a
ton of experience they're new and
unfortunately at the bottom of the
rankings right now and then after the
first wellthey you guys had pretty tough
records as of late in the lysene sorry
we'll get you your what we're good
no no we're good that's fine I know and
what is interesting to me is okay we're
back on the best of one schedule and it
was only the first two weeks but at the
end of last week I had this feeling that
golden Guardians who had both had said
like where you were here to think about
things in long-term and TSM who
you know obviously just changed up a ton
of your roster and but have this history
of being able to come back both teams
just felt awful right that they had had
this terrible record and so much
frustration even to seeing people leave
it feels like you know majid sake the
morale is okay on guardians but it just
feels like you guys are taking these
losses so heavily do you think that's a
bad thing I mean it is the first couple
of weeks and they are best ones or is
that just sort of the nature of being a
pro player mm-hmm just taking the loss
is so hard you know their best of ones
yeah and also you know when you're
secure is the situation obviously you
know that you had to like start off a
little slow because you're so much to
the roster change the majority of the
roster changed you have to integrate
that stuff on the Guardian side they
know that they've built this team that's
supposed to build long-term so you know
in my mind well not all of you guys
should be like all their unfortunate
losses but expected but instead you guys
seem to all be taking it so hard losses
are never expected even though sure we
might feel like we potentially might
have had a slow start before week one no
one comes in expecting to lose we always
come in expecting to win if we play our
best and in none of those games we did
feel like we played at our best so we
made the best decision so of course
you're still going to be disappointing
yourself but it's not something that
hangs around it's something that lasts
an hour or two or even less sometimes we
just get in the backroom and especially
after the echo fox game I felt a lot of
responsibility was on me I could have
easily carried the game through better
positioning better calls and I came in I
apologized to my team and said this game
was on me I could have done many things
differently to win and right there my
teammates started picking me up and our
atmosphere turned from being awful
because we lost and everyone is sad -
everyone was complimenting each other
and what they did well and complimenting
Mike because he played with so much
confidence so after every loss there's
gonna be that like oh man we discipline
ourselves and we didn't place our
expectations but our team I think
because we have so many veterans outside
of Mike are so quick to switch that
around and use that as fuel for practice
yeah thanks man is there anything that
you would like to say to any of the fans
out there I think you guys are gonna
continue to see us getting better and
better with each game and each week and
there's been a lot of people sitting on
and on Mike and my team and I
think that's to be expected but I do
appreciate the fans that that come out
to LCS or the fans that I see tweeting
at me that are really supporting us no
matter what there are TSM fans not just
fans of certain players that instantly
leave I think that's completely fine but
it's nice to see that there are certain
fans that are just diehard TSM fans even
through roster changes even through
awful performances
they're there to support me and my team
and I appreciate those people a lot well
thank you so much for the interview I
really appreciate it and for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things these works right
here on my youtube channel hope you
enjoyed that interview I certainly did
and if you haven't yet please subscribe
because well and partnership with Omni
slash we got a bunch more interviews
coming up from LCS make sure you don't
miss them